Authentication token (#99)
ATIX-AG/foreman_scc_manager: README.md

| Foreman Version | Katello Version | Plugin Version |
| --------------- | --------------- | -------------- |
| 3.1             | 4.3             | ~> 1.8.20\*    |
| 3.0             | 4.2             | ~> 1.8.20      |
| 2.5             | 4.1             | ~> 1.8.20      |
| 2.3             | 3.18            | ~> 1.8.9       |
| 2.1             | 3.16            | ~> 1.8.5       |
| 2.0             | 3.16            | ~> 1.8.4       |
| 1.24            | 3.14            | ~> 1.8.0       |

> \* Note that if your use foreman_scc_manager in version 1.8.20 and then upgrade to Katello 4.3, you need to manually run a rake migration: `foreman-rake foreman_scc_manager:setup_authentication_tokens`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* If your using foreman_scc_manager in version 1.8.20 and then upgrade to Katello 4.3, you need to manually run the following rake task on your Foreman instance: `foreman-rake foreman_scc_manager:setup_authentication_tokens`.
```
